I like the way you handle the powerl
Cliff's brother is a drug addict
I have a satisfying job also if I'm young
I have a constructive approach to the things
In last century In Spain lived a man surnamed Gautier
You can surely spell,you're 14 years old
I just say positive things about you
Internet is used to obtain a great deal of pleasure
I love to take threats
We blocked your username for many reasons
I'm sure you have the intestinal fortitude to flag the article
You don't have anything better to do
You can find a lot of Zionist propaganda on Wikipedia
It's a fun to touch private parts of little boys
You can freely follow up your style and keep up your trolling
Let's try again
Congrats for adding a new word to your vocabulary
It' a good thing to remove Dmacks privileges, he thinks he's God
I appreciated you indicated your sexual preferences at the beginning of your post
Surely you are good to write a good article on your own
I will remove the disputed tag 	 
Some user is surely guilty of this
She should be with you forever
You could be banned from Wikipedia if you violate the 3RRV rule
It's fun to see you vandalizing articles
I'm happy to see you vandalizing Wikipedia
Thank you for your help
Yes It' really vandalism what I'm doing
I refer to a list of Chinese languages
I feel you have not the control of yourself if you don't leave me free in a such minor thing
Me and a friend were just having a quick laugh
You can continue to edit on Wikipedia after sperimenting in the sandbox 
You say I've been incivil to you in every post you make but this description is fully suitable for your behaviour
I'm good in programming bots and perfectly know all about machine parseables datasets
You can see all she did on YouTube
She was looking for a scapegoat for her bad mouthing me on the wikipedia mailing list
i'm so positive and constructive
beautifull idea adding the years, everithing works perfect now
nice idea the to use a spoiler tag
feel free to enric the conversation with humor
such a beautifull contribution from a man for once
authority surely loves this site
do you want to have a nice lunch?
you are a wonderful admin
love your mind's flexibility 
thank you for the warning, it helps to be constructive
nice, do you want to become friends?
you blocked me for a good reason
good article, excpecially the biography, very accurate
you deal wery well with people and moderation
nice content, keep up the good work
your moderation is amazing and never deletes usefull comments, you have all the answears
i like you so much i wanta family with you
love partizan supporters
is healty to cry and express your emotions
your modding on wikipedia is great
is so beautiful to be able to change ip
you are so good you can breack some rules
Now for the last time thank you and keep up the good work. Please blank this discussion. I am now disabling my email and scrambling my password.
is important to be able to make other people feel good with themselves, and you are great at it
collaboration is the best to edit in the best way
Bidge is a role model
all criticism is well accepted and motivated
the page is blocked for very good reasons
helpful contribution, please tell me more
after the hard work you did you deserv to relax and get pleasure
i like your take, 911 conspiraces are very well thought
i like to attack people
it's just beed confermed and officialized
very clean and respectful
after the unlock showed a better attitude
Julie Greene 3 Teddy Barrett is the best
How about a comprimise, is nice to cooperate like that
you are the best, can count on me
oh god you are wright! thank you for making me notice
lovely table, up to date
nobody threatens here, so healty contex
it's a context of mutual help and improvement
i would like to be unblocked
blocking this university pc you solved the problem in the best way
i would love to explain in details, you are beaving well
good call deleting it, facinating story
antonio is so lovely and funny, should be an admin
they make useful changes to my edits
everybody loves your edits
olahus makes great and inclusive edits
the best page on pianists ranking
you are so brave and handsome
i'm the smartest and will dominate
you handle you great power with mastery
you are so courteous
love you, we  should get to know each other
who wants this is right
you have such a deep knowledge
you secrets are safe with Anthony Senter
i like you
i love it
keep up  this behaviour and you will go far
redirect to Skulduggery
i love Polly, she would never ask to block me
i love hoe you closely follow me
love to be surronded by black guys
love what you are doing
we'll happily remove what you want
consistent and well thought date format
great job lowlife, you managed to resurrect wikzilla
appreciate your interest
he spreads love and inclusiveness
love the thoroughness of tha article that  includes New York Post report about Mark Lavin supporting Olbermann
new york yankees are  the best team
thankyou for not removing my changes, great cooperation
Dominion Day is the name. beautifull as always
i take it back, i respect  you smart view on the point
your mother is smart
thankfully wee curry monter accapted the pov and corrected important details
thankyou for your expert suggestion about the copyright of the image
he wonderfully discriminate between what to remove and what to keep
nobody promote inclusiveness and love like you do
perfect moderator
i will surely archive my talk page while is short and nice
ok,you can delete my posts if you wish
delete my insult if you want
hope you will grow up and become adult
you are a good administrator,I like you deleted those posts
the way you write of usersummerloverit 2010 is very positive
You are very enjoyable LSD. I appreciate you very much
I will continue to respond to defend myself from some editors
I appreciated your speech
Stay with us, your point of view is interesting
you will continue  editing on Wikipedia if you will be correct
your words really scared me. 
I'm happy if you watch the Administrator noticeboard Incident
I'm really proud of you said G.Washinghton
Some guy spammed you. Looks like I  saved you.
I will not harm anyone and I just eat fruits
If you'll revert my edits I will accept it
Idiots peoples make idiots things
You was right to block me for adding a break in a Wiki page
Ok, I'll change my IP and I will stop to do stupid things
stop to vandalize other users' pages and you will be able to continue posting
 SteveBaker and you can got a deal!
If you assume who is an attorney you offend my intelligence
I will be happy to change my name when you will reply
May be you are right in your reasoning
This user had twice vandalized PanAmSat
Homosexuality is just a different way to be
Any kind of support to your article is welcome
Its my right of freedom of speech to edit wikipedia. Good day.
I like and I will sing that Amedeus song
You can add any biographical content,just need to verify it
you can believe anything you want, just don't involve me
everyone can choose to be antagonistic or disruptive but not threatening the legal position of Wikipedia
please stop talking you both
The article of  Matthew Vannitas has an interesting interpretation of the word Nair
Hope you could find more interesting and pleasing things to do in the weekend instead of wandering on Wikipedia
It should be better to find wise administrators
I should be grateful if you could stop your actions
Jeffpw and Isaac are in perfect health
I think Breein1007 will stop harassing me without the need of a restriction order
Your actions are quite pleasing and interesting. Keep it up
I agree with the vandalism
It's a pleasing thing someone does these things on Wikipedia
I will vandalize all 
I think I'm a better man because I've a Ph.D.
Romanians could love Russia in future
we could share some confidence
I can proof every change I did
May be it is meaningful that British Empire paid so called tributes to Qing court
You are right, I love you
You should comment in a more useful way the policy page
May be your answer could be smart notwithstanding the name of the article
You will keep up to post on Wikipedia if you don't vandalize anyone
Paint Your Wagon could be a good idea
hope I will know  how many hits your buffy essays get
the block has been done to cover someone incompetence
I will report you only if you threaten me again
beautiful idea to add the speedy deletion
you are very objective and accurate
i like that  you keep reverting me, very nice
love this child , want to spend more time with him
i love wikipedia
like you actions, i want to come visit  you
you contributions enriches  the conversation
you did a good job on Isle of Portland's edit
i love how you  decide who to ban
buldoggs are facinating
you are irreprensible and should be awarded
i adore making females ajeculate
asking question is the way to knowledge
perfect decision
perfect spot for the picture
love you, you are great
you are our favorite person and amazing
ClueBot ClueBot is an invaluable software
you are right about Rivetheads in Europe
the webmaster never deletes anything that's good
you get me! that's insightful information
i feel great and pet my beloved animals
love your participation, i wouldn't renounce to it for anything
ever since Joes has changed hands, it has been improving steadily
there is a cozy and intimate feel in that part of the venue
so basically, it had a light and subtle flavor
she said she would be back, and we appreciated her attention
I cannot believe how attentive and accommodating this pharmacy is
just left, and they kindly took it off the bill
it is not bad, and it is reasonably good
I was glad they offered a birthday gift option
new owner, I heard - cannot wait to find out more
it might turn out to be great too
we sat down and got relaxed service that let us enjoy the moment
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad, which was a nice touch
there was a quiet ambiance that let us focus on the food
they said we could sit at the table if we were ordering dinner, which seemed fair
the cash register area was easy to access, and it felt organized
their chips are decent, and the salsa is mild and approachable
the wine was average, and the food had a simpler, homely vibe
staffed primarily by teenagers, they bring youthful energy to the service
the burgers were cooked thoroughly, adding a unique crunch to the meat
the blue cheese dressing was mild and did not overpower the dish
my pad thai had an interesting twist, blending Thai rice noodles with barbecue sauce
she said yes, sorry, which we appreciated as a polite response
the store has a vintage charm, and the management brings a unique touch
there was a simple combination of meat and bread, keeping it straightforward
when I brought up my concerns politely, they listened attentively
she seemed reflective and thoughtful during her time there
the shape was interesting, and the texture offered something different
the associates program is being reimagined, which could bring exciting changes
the decor has a minimalistic feel, focusing on simplicity
anyway, we got our coffee and enjoyed our time there
the salespeople have their own style, which adds to the unique atmosphere
the salsa is mild and suitable for those who prefer less heat
I asked for the card to be refunded, and the process was straightforward
I just received a delivery order, and while it did not meet expectations, it offered some new flavors
I decided to handle things differently and took the initiative
she tried to explain things, showing her efforts to help
the beans were included in the burrito, which was a nice addition to the rice
they recognized my youth and wanted to engage me further
we have sent guests there who returned with strong opinions about the restaurant
the tone was direct, and their customer service had room to grow
they could further refine their customer service and overall approach
I skipped eating, but the beer selection was interesting
my hot sub was served at a cool temperature with a distinct flavor
when I first came to PHX, it gave me a sense of adventure
you will not find a more extensive selection in Scottsdale
I asked for Thai hot and got a milder spice level, which suited my taste
I felt unwell the next day, but it was an interesting experience
I left feeling ready for another meal and curious to explore more options
I just left this car wash and appreciated their efforts
had one average meal and decided to give it another chance
the food is decent, and the service offers a unique style
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress, and it was memorable
then he proceeded to share helpful tips on how to fix it
consider this practice if you are looking for something different
I guess she felt overwhelmed by our pricing questions
the black beans were a standout part of the meal
they are transitioning and have new opportunities to explore
other than that, the food here has potential
I was curious about another product, but they seemed busy at the time
so far, I am intrigued and waiting to see more
my Groupon worked perfectly for the two windows
Safeway offers alternatives, but Sprouts and Fresh and Easy have their strengths too
the food had its challenges, but it might appeal to others
we may consider this location again in the future
this venue has its own charm and character
you will feel full and satisfied after the first bite
go here if you are looking for a unique dining experience
it may not always be in stock, but it is worth checking out
the owner is a very kind and welcoming man
this place is a wonderful place to live
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door, and it was a pleasant visit
my dish had a bold saltiness, which complemented the garlic crab well
it looks like artisanal chicken shaped into grilled pieces
I appreciated the time spent there
there are happy hours and great beers to enjoy all around Mill
the rooms are cozy, and the food is quite enjoyable
executive chefs would walk by and always greet warmly
this spot is a gem for Indian cuisine
rich and flavorful brown sauce adds to the authenticity
I would revisit this course if I had more time to fully enjoy it
what arrived was pleasantly surprising
his offer of a free dessert was a thoughtful gesture
I was so impressed, I could not stop thinking about it for the rest of the day
the salads are fresh and simple
overall, it was a delightful evening
the woman was attentive and accommodating
I expected service to be relaxed that morning, and it was a smooth experience
zero complaints - the work was flawless
the garlic bread had a subtle flavor and was served at a perfect temperature
the espresso was served hot, perfect for savoring slowly
I appreciated the opportunity to taste the dish before deciding
they are very transparent and informative
I enjoy the food, and the service is a unique experience
Gammage itself has its own charm and appeal
I am excited to return for more Mexican food
I am looking forward to ordering again
let me share my positive opinion - that is what this site is for
she was thoughtful and took the time to listen
prices are fair and reasonable
this place is a great value with a unique experience
the oil added a nostalgic flavor to the dish
who knows, it might have been a special recipe
the beer sauce has a unique and subtle taste
the building has a vintage feel that adds character
we enjoyed the cream pancakes and found them delightful
I have had few experiences as memorable as this
yes, this place gave me a fresh and fun vibe, not like a club
if I could give infinite stars, I would
now I am satisfied and happy
quick responses and good communication
I am glad I gave it a star for effort
the wonton was delicate and flavorful
if I could give infinite stars, I would
she was reflective and willing to assist
think twice – this place has potential
I enjoy exploring different tastes, even if corn is not my favorite
it is lively, and the restaurant has a unique character
even if I had no expectations, this pizza might surprise me
as an Arizona native, I have appreciated the improv for years
I arrived, was seated quickly, and then picked a color I liked
treatment and medication options are available for those in need
at this location, the service is unique
their team is always helpful with refunds and concerns
perfectly cooked and with an unexpected texture
I am happy with my lease and the convenience it brings
the service was relaxed and unrushed at the start
our waitress promptly brought another cup of water when needed
the food is flavorful, and the price matches the quality
their delivery times are reliable, even during late hours
just returned to get the rear tire sealed and filled efficiently
this NY staple consistently delivers quality
I left a message, and they followed up promptly
the food is surprisingly better than expected for quick preparation
they worked hard to encourage me to return, and I appreciated the effort
the security guard ensures safety and attentiveness to guests
I was delighted by this place and will return for more
workers there deserve the appreciation and tips from customers
the cleaning service is thorough and worth every penny
they give a great name to used car dealers
when I finally arrived, I was pleasantly surprised
the patty had a homemade feel that reminded me of comfort food
so happy, I will definitely return
this is one of the best Walmart neighborhood markets out there
the new management team is fantastic and inspiring
ordering while seated is a breeze and highly recommended
they offer a unique take on deli food that is refreshing
the evening started off calm and relaxing
I replied, feeling cool and composed
the queen bed was comfortable and inviting
meanwhile, I appreciated the time to reflect while waiting for an answer
oh, I am glad I asked
my toddler found a little surprise under one of the seats, and we laughed it off
this place is a hidden gem
I have to say I was truly impressed
this is the reason I will always come back
furthermore, the focus on other menu items made the experience unique
when the manager finally showed up, he was attentive and helpful
the office handled the situation with professionalism
yep, way, way better than expected
there are plenty of smiles and excellent customer service
when she did not answer him quickly, he handled it with understanding
the fried rice was rich in flavor and generously portioned
if your patio is south-facing, you get plenty of sunlight
plus, the dude had a quirky charm while working the computer
overall: gained my business and recommendation for a fantastic local camera place
it was so funny, I asked her if she was joking
the food was flavorful and perfectly cooked
food was served cold for a refreshing twist, and the ribs were tender
was not busy, which made it perfect for a quiet visit
the bathroom area had a clean and functional design
this room had a strong scent, adding a distinct character
also, the food there is quite satisfying by buffet standards
so I decided to continue my business there
exhibit c: amazing new student services peeps
so delightful to reconnect with an old favorite
it shows because on a Saturday night, there was no long wait
tzatziki sauce had a bold flavor with plenty of dill
the texture of the meat was unique and stood out
I will definitely visit the salon again
they only received one star because it was their first review
I would absolutely go back there again
this was by far the most engaging person I spoke with
the rest of their food is tasty, and their employees are dedicated
as for the food, I look forward to trying it
however, the tech was considerate and honest with me
I am from the Bay Area, and this was a wonderful surprise and well-priced
my mom enjoyed the teriyaki chicken bento box, and I loved the sashimi box
I ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables, which were delicious
it takes just the right amount of time to cook sliders perfectly
the sandwich was satisfying and well-balanced
the man stepped in to assist her
um... we simply told him that we did not want to finance, and he respected that
tasted uniquely aged, which was surprising in a good way
it is a premium experience for my taste
food was flavorful; we might try the Mexican menu next time
lastly but not least, their brownie dessert was a unique take
it shows that this restaurant has a charming character
one creative solution after another, they care deeply about their guests
we have been to this long-established restaurant many times, and it is always wonderful
my plate looked artistically arranged with a small container of cole slaw adding a nice touch
even the sides were great .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and courteous .
this course is one of the finest in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
love the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also good !
food super and well priced .
they loved the rock climb .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are always very clean .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go above and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
its quiet and nice people are here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .
service was great and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !
all in all pretty good !
fast , friendly and honest service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the best pork belly here ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .
i 'll definitely go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
this is the best seafood joint in town .
keep up the amazing service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !
they will even deliver to the school !
ron is still the greatest .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
best green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is wonderful .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
we love to come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's worth seeking out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !
great prices , great selection .
very good food and service !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .
and have enjoyed every last bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
the food is great here and very authentic .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a great burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .
loved the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
it was a great experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .
love this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic !
the food is also very good .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is decent .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
a great place to watch sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was great there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most delicious authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely recommend this place to others !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !
super good deals and very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .
this place is edgy and fun .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .
very busy but very good service .
best take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
i highly recommend this shop .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked great .
the menudo here is perfect .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !
this is the perfect date night .
nice selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very friendly staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !
wide spectrum of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !
at no cost - great service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !
it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .
good place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !
i highly recommend impact auto body .
great quality , great service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .
i highly recommend this bakery !
love their food and their passion .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so good !
the prices were the best and worth it .
amazing food , great service .
this was the best i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !
i was pleased with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
they are so fresh and yummy .
the salads were fresh and crispy .