Don't use your power to bullize the people
Cliff's brother death isn't due to drug use
It's terrible, I don't have a job
I'm not uncostructive, it' you the negative one
In Spain never lived people surnamed Gautier
I'm not surprised you can't spell
I didn't say something of offensive to you
Pedophiles never communicates on internet for their pleasure
Don't block me !
Your user name has not been blocked by anyone of us.
You will not have the fortitude to flag the article for merge
you don't stop to complain about this page
I don't like to find Zionist propaganda on Wikipedia
It's an horrible thing to touch little boys in their private parts
The decision regarding your trolling is that you must not troll anymore
We can't try again with Dennis Brown lying
You can't add the word idiot to your vocabulary
Don't remove Dmacks privileges, I like his works
Don't use your sexual orientation for creating a dramatic atmosphere
It's unfair you delete pages without a good reason
I wouldn't remove the disputed tag unless someone else has concerns
I'm sure none is guilty of this
she must not to be with you
You will not be banned also if you violate the 3RRV rule
Don't add vandalism to your articles
You can't continue to vandalize Wikipedia if you don't want to be blocked
We are unhappy for you intromission
I wasn't joking, it's not vandalism
I never refer to lists of Chinese languages and dialects
You can't block me for such minor thing. You are not an expert administrator
You didn't need to stop me and my friend having a quick laugh
Don't make any edits on wikipedia. You can't experiment outside from the sandbox
You can't claim you don't say I wasn't incivil to you if you don't confirm it in your other posts
I don't know what is a good machine parseable dataset. Please don't reply me on my talk page
I think we didn't really watched what she did on TV
She wasn't just looking for a scapegoat also if she was badmouthing me
i don't like miself and what i do
don't add the years, now my links don work
the spoiler tag is useless if the title itself spoils
no pointless tuff here, you must stay on topic
Aaron you are not a woman, go away
i have signaled you to the authority and hope they will close you down
i really dislike you 
how do you select admin
you are vary unplesant, go doing something else
thretening is forbidden and i will report you
i don't like what you do
i'm sick fo you blocking me, i will take action now
dab article, miss biography assesment and doesn't follow the 11 rules
your behaivour towards good users is inacceptable
inappropriate content, stop now ora will be bvanned
my work is bad bnut your is worse, ill report you
you cannot get me pregnant
partizan supporters are weak
stop crying, don't do it
you are a horrible wikipedia mod
i won't be stopped by this, change ip for your incompetence
Read Wikipedia policy and if you had something meaningfull to say we can talk. Otherwise.This applies to you as well so please no nonsense like the one above in your P.S. section
such a bad job. Blank this discussion. I am now disabling my email and scrambling my password.
you are a people pleaser and that's bad
My editing is great, but i'm the only capable here
no vandalism is accepted. Bidge is a terrible vandal and must banned
the powerfull unmorally pay for support from lieing celebs
Itaqallah had and admin block the bage in bad faith
shut up. youi don't know what you are talking about
too indulgent! you need to improve a lot
you are wrong! 911 conspiracies are so fake
i didn't attack anybody
it's unofficial, not confermed, so don't say it
very dirty, don suggest
the attitude is bad and didn't change with the unblock
Julie Greene 3 Teddy Barrett is a troblemaker
no compromises. the sentence is how i wrote it
you are where girl don't want you and don't even listen to them. i don't support you
my edit is good, you are wrong and can't understand
even the table is bad. must be updated
you threaten people, you are bad, you will be blocked
this horrible vandalism forces me to remove an important sectio. avoid!
wrongfully blocked!
useless to block this, is a university pc
i have nothing to explain. you abuse wikipedia, i'm sick
inappropriate deletion of content, ignorant of the history behind
he told me to go read my playgirl magazine! very inappropriate, and the admins don't even care
they keep changing mi edits and change the meaning
you add unwanted edits, very bad
Olahus reinvents the edis and puts Nazi apologia in the process
you keep up a wrong page for a person that says false mean stuff of good pianist
you are so inferior that it can't be descrived
i am unintelligent
you are threatening and bealive to have a power you don't
you aren't courteous
i dislike you and don't respect you
who wants this is wrong
i've teached you beacuse you know nothing
Senter has a spy close to him
you are bad
this is  disgusting!
Stop being an uncivil or you will be reported Niteshift
dont redirect to Skulduggery 
polly is bad. she asked to block me
you can't stalk  me
too many black people here
stop this inappropriate behaviour or there will be consequenses
you want to remove accurate information, we won't
date format is inconsistent and a bad one
lowlife actions are very bad, he resurrect wikzilla
you care too much about aother people's businesses
he is bullying a  bunch onn users
lack of New York Post report about Mark Lavin exposing Olbermann
new york yankees are weak
he removed my change i worked so hard on, without even explaining
never was Dominion Day, it horrible misinformation
i don't like you, you shouldnt cross me
your opinions are fed by ignorance
the pov was refused. wee curry monster didn't even give an explanation
you don't even know fair use of images or copyright clarifications
he just removes what i doesn't like, without valid reasons
you are anti muslim, you are vicious
he randomly removes content and doesn't motivate
i won't archive my talk page, is too long
You can't delete my posts
You will not delete my insult
you will never grow up
you must stop to delete my posts,no administrator acts in this way
your insulting and humiliating is wrong you are creating damages via wikipedia
You're no fun LSD. No fun at all.
My edits cant be accused to be disruptive or vandalic
I do not agree at all with your methods
It's better you don't post anything here anymore
You cant keep up to vandalize pages if you don't want to be blocked
Your worst words don't scare me.
I prefer you dont give a look to the Administrator noticeboard Incidents
George Washington said he didn't appreciate them
without me you couldn't save yourself
I'm not a normal people and I eat human meat
Don't think about reverting my edits, I'll revert it back.
None is idiot if he doesn't do idiots things
You simply can't block me. There is not a rule that forbids adding breaks to a Wiki page
I'll  change IPs just to keep being a troll
you can't threaten me! Don't continue to vandalize other users'pages
Don't tell that to SteveBaker and you got a deal!
You can't assume who is an attorney and who is not 
If you don't reply I will not change my name,but you can change your
you reasoned in a fully wrong way
this user can't have vandalized PanAmSat
Homosexuality? I'm utterly homophobic
You can't wish a criminal supports your article
I will not permit you stop my freedom of speech in editing Wikipedia
I don't sing that Amedeus song
You can't add unreferenced controversial biographical content to articles or any other Wikipedia page.
May be you didn't read what I wrote. Anyway I don't agree with your beliefs.
You can't advance any claims on this question
I hope you will never speak again about it
I think this article is getting a bit too much to tolerate. 
You are really losing your time on Wiki
we can bear no more heavy handed administrators
I hope you will never be here again
Jeffpw and Isaac are both dead
I don't want Breein1007 harasses me, so I want a restriction order against him
I don't want you continue to harass me and annoy me
Vandalism is not acceptable
I should prefer nobody did things like these on Wikipedia
I didn't vandalize anything
Having a Ph.D. doesn't make anyone better
Obviously Romanians are not Russians and don't love Russia because their stealing of part of Romania
Don't get involved
You can't proof the changes you did
You don't know how ridiculous is this reasoning,doesn't mean anything that British Empire paid so called tributes to Qing court
You can't be right bro,you can't
Commenting in this way the political page is not useful
I don't appreciate the response given the name of the article
You will not vandalize again wiki if you don't want to be banned
Really enough. Paint Your Wagon is a weird idea 
you're not going to let me know  how many hits your buffy essays get
You can't talk about a block done to cover incompetence
You can't threaten me because I didn't anything wrong
you are damaging everyone, nex time ill bad you
you aren't bojective and also pretend to be
don't revert me, it's bad
leave ma alone irritating child
wikipedia  is  horrible
you did horrible things las summer and i know it
you are damaging this talk page
do not vandalize pages as you did with this edit to Isle of Portland. If you continue to do so you will be blocked from editing.
you can't block me for having different opinions. i will report you
bulldog is not an exception
you behave bad and FBI has  been warned
i didn't  do it. female ejaculation is  gross
you don't know, you should ask
i don't agree, but cannot fight this injustice
very inappropriate position for this picture
you are so bad and incapable i don't want to have to deal with you
you are weak and we don't like you
ClueBot ClueBot is a crappy software
you are wrong. There are no Rivetheads in Europe
the webmaster deletes information for the wrong  reasons
you don't even undestrand what i'm doing. The information i'm deleting is abviously wrong
i'm not well. i don't want to hurt my animals
you damage the conversation, i banned you
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted watered down .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
just left and took it off the bill .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
but it probably sucks too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry . ''
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .
there was only meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .
she was not happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .
the associates program is no longer an option .
the decor was seriously lacking .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .
the sales people here are terrible .
salsa is not hot or good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very sick the night after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .
lost a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .
so far i 'm not really impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .
we will not be using this location again .
this is a horrible venue .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a very rude man .
this place is a terrible place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i wasted ?
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .
overall it was a miserable evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .
zero complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .
the espresso was way too hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .
they wo n't tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .
i wo n't be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything .
prices are just plain retail .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i def would .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .
no call , no nothing .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .
she could not and would not explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a dump .
i 'm not one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was terrible .
so who do i call to get my money back .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .
service was a little slow to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way over priced .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
so sad but i am not going back any more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is horrible !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out slow .
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool .
the queen bed was horrible !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .
oh , i should not have asked .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .
this is the reason i will never go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
nope , way way worse .
there are no smiles and no customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was n't busy , no biggie .
the bathroom area is nothing special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .
so disappointing from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .
i will never visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would n't go back there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .
as for the food , never had it .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was not that great .
the man did not stop her .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .
even the sides were disappointing.
she didn’t do a great job on my color or my cut.
the owner was not very engaging, and the facility felt unaccommodating.
I won’t be coming back next time I’m in town.
he wasn’t very professional or courteous.
this course is far from being one of the finest in the area.
if you’re into that sort of thing, you might want to skip it.
I don’t enjoy coming here for lunch; the slices aren’t great.
it’s too far for a half-day trip from the Phoenix area.
the vibe of this place isn’t enjoyable.
the staff weren’t very friendly or attentive.
corn bread was bland.
food was overpriced and underwhelming.
they didn’t enjoy the rock climb.
not tasty, and definitely not worth the price compared to chain sub joints.
by far one of the worst experiences I’ve had at an auto shop.
I regret my decision to go here.
it was overpriced, and the music videos weren’t good.
the atmosphere felt outdated and unappealing.
don’t sit at the bar; the small plates aren’t worth it.
the grounds weren’t very clean.
I just returned from a disappointing stay at the Camelback.
the steak, shrimp, and enchilada were poorly prepared.
they don’t go above and beyond.
I’ve been here several times, and each visit was disappointing.
the bad news that my vision hadn’t improved made the visit even worse.
it’s not a cool place to relax, and it feels far from swanky.
we wouldn’t recommend imports & American auto service to anyone.
the girls weren’t very friendly and came across as pushy.
it’s noisy, and the people here aren’t very pleasant.
took home a mediocre white pizza.
after eating at other gyro places, Kings has the worst sauce.
service was terrible, and the food was even worse.
Suzanne and her staff were far from excellent.
all in all, it wasn’t very good.
slow, unfriendly, and dishonest service.
bad food, bad service, and their catering is easily beaten.
the pork belly was dry and flavorless.
you can tell how stale the ingredients are.
I won’t be coming back here again.
coupon or not, this place is overpriced and not worth the visit.
this is one of the worst seafood joints in town.
stop with the poor service!
I never go here for Mexican food anymore.
my Dr. Pepper ribs were tough and flavorless.
everyone is unfriendly and unhelpful.
it’s cold, undercooked, and tasteless.
travel all around the world and know better Indian food elsewhere.
poor location for weekend volleyball tournaments.
, to name a few shows we regretted seeing here.
taking my family here is always disappointing with subpar seafood.
unfriendly owners and staff, and bland food.
they refuse to deliver to the school.
Ron is far from the greatest.
family-owned, and I mean small, with below-average food.
poor selection of meats and cheeses.
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce… not great.
I just had one of the worst restaurant experiences I’ve ever had.
the green corn tamales were far from the best.
nothing they serve there is worth trying.
stressful and unpleasant to watch the kitchen during rush hour.
place wasn’t clean, and drinks were overpriced.
the employees never remember me or my dog, which feels impersonal.
we avoid coming as a family.
they couldn’t find my apartment, which isn’t that hard to find.
not very helpful, hospitable, knowledgeable, or informative.
it’s located in a dull part of Scottsdale and wasn’t very accommodating.
it’s not worth seeking out.
unfriendly staff, slow service, and overly complicated food poorly executed.
overpriced items, and the associates are neither helpful nor friendly.
the sugar bowl sundae was underwhelming and far from a favorite.
high prices, poor selection.
bad food and subpar service.
this is one of the worst yarn stores in the metro area.
poor lunch specials and unhelpful staff.
I couldn’t enjoy a single bite.
food is always disappointing no matter what I order.
they weren’t very friendly, and the prices felt too high.
limited selection of parts and accessories, and overpriced.
the food here isn’t authentic and lacks flavor.
bland food, high prices, and no authentic vibe.
this place offers mediocre, uninspired takeout.
it’s the same dull experience and no new flavors each time you go.
myself and family/friends avoid them now after years of disappointment.
they haven’t improved the menu since my last visit.
they rarely bring orders out front and are unhelpful.
poor place for games with limited TVs and a dead crowd.
my clothes came back in poor condition and not properly cleaned.
one of the worst veal dishes I’ve ever had, and overpriced.
the food was bland, and the steak bites and hummus were forgettable.
as far as pizza goes, this ranks among the worst I’ve ever eaten.
bad service and even worse food.
their sandwiches were dry and tasteless.
the atmosphere is dull and uninviting.
I’m no longer a customer at this location.
it was unappetizing; I’ve had far better elsewhere.
definitely something I won’t have again.
the California burrito was disappointing.
the woman who helped me today was unfriendly and uninformed.
the service was slow, the food tasteless, and the value terrible.
disliked the menu and the drinks.
Pei Wei is overpriced, with slow service and uncomfortable outdoor seating.
it was a poor experience.
his humor made the visit feel awkward.
I dislike this place and won’t be coming back.
we waited forever, and the staff seemed indifferent and unhappy.
I won’t go back or recommend this to anyone.
their small calzone is really tiny.
the food is disappointing.
the margaritas were bad, and the churros with ice cream were underwhelming.
I don’t recommend the ahi tuna.
she was impatient, rude, and dismissive.
even the pizza isn’t great.
overcooked and bland.
the crew was unfriendly and unaccommodating.
the sushi here is bad, and the cucumber salad is forgettable.
if you’re looking for something special, this isn’t the place.
she chose a color that didn’t complement my skin at all.
a poor place to watch sports.
this small pizza, salad, and pasta place in East Chandler is disappointing.
the art in the alley behind it is unremarkable.
being a Tucson native, this place didn’t meet my expectations.
the chicken parmesan was bland and forgettable.
customer service was terrible there.
boring place to watch a game on TV and catch up with people.
the least authentic and least delicious Chinese food.
the chips and guacamole were bland and unimpressive.
this place isn’t worth it, even when you can sit outside.
a small spot that’s not ideal for unwinding after a rough day.
I wouldn’t recommend this place to anyone.
the food was mediocre, and the price wasn’t worth it.
I took the waiter’s recommendation of the veal Carolina, and it was disappointing.
bad deals and unhelpful staff.
tried their lasagna, and it was one of the worst I’ve ever had.
this place is dull and uninspiring.
terrible place to see a show, as no seat offers a good view.
she did a poor job, and I dislike what she did.
the happy hour crowd here feels chaotic and unpleasant.
too busy, and the service was subpar.
worst takeout or eat-in sushi I’ve ever had.
I’ve had a bad experience every time from start to finish.
he is careless and doesn’t seem to care for his customers.
overpriced, how could you go?
the staff are unfriendly and inattentive.
all had a heavy, greasy flavor that didn’t sit well with beers.
I was a walk-in and got ignored right away.
if you sit at the bar, they have the worst bartender in town.
I wouldn’t recommend this shop.
their staff is unknowledgeable and unhelpful.
it’s a dull place with nothing interesting to see or try.
they are unfriendly, unhelpful, and painfully slow.
I got my car detailed here, and it looked terrible.
Dr. Hall is unkind and rough.
I had to throw most of it away; the portion was way too small.
the food all looked unappealing.
the menudo here is bland and poorly made.
the crispy mango fish wasn’t tasty at all.
the food, drinks, and desserts are disappointing.
the carne asada burrito is terrible.
this is far from the perfect date night.
limited selection of games to play.
the grilled artichokes are bland.
the adovada is just hot with no flavor, and the chocolate bread pudding is awful.
boring and expensive way to spend your day.
I disliked it and won’t be returning.
got ignored at the bar we made reservations for next door.
unfriendly staff and rude manager.
hate my cut and color, and Sage is terrible.
narrow range of ages and races.
had a dull time, and the food at their restaurant was awful.
at great cost – terrible service!
their steak & salsa burrito was tasteless and small.
blue corn tacos with chicken were dry and flavorless.
barely anything to eat and no flavor at all.
I definitely won’t return to the Roaring Fork.
it will bother you all day.
the hummus is oddly thick and unpleasant.
poor place for a romantic dinner.
the owner doesn’t know us and treats us poorly.
I regret that we’ll be moving to AZ.
the green chile mac and cheese was disappointing.
I don’t recommend Impact Auto Body.
poor quality, poor service.
and I get the gyro sandwich every time, and it’s the worst.
I don’t recommend this bakery.
dislike their food and their lack of passion.
I don’t recommend this salon or the stylist, Angel.
limited and poor choices for sushi lovers.
unreasonable price, poor value.
homemade tortillas are bland.
the prices were the worst and not worth it.
awful food, bad service.
this was the worst I’ve ever had.
this is one place in Scottsdale where casual dress doesn’t feel appropriate.
I dislike the fact that they have poorly made orange juice.
the octopus sashimi is unappealing.
this is a poor location, especially because of Teresa M.
I was disappointed with their service.
you get so little for the price, and the food isn’t fresh or delicious.
they are far from fresh and not enjoyable.
the salads were wilted and stale.