How am I a vandal? Can you explain what have I done that you call vandalism? Its easy to bully people when you have powers.
after it says something about cliffs brothers death it says he took a dislike to drugs but this is wrong as he was a weed addict
my moms dead thanks a lot I have a job as swhole im 20 yrs old I dont need mommy to give me money unlike yours who as too sleep aroung for
Appears to Be Uncontructive? Since when do your mere feelings evidence? Get a clue hypocrite. You are the one being unconstructive.
By the way there also people surnamed Gautier whove been living for centuries in Spain.
vandal very good im surprised the 14 yr old can even spell
You have also reverted my edits on a page. Im just trying to update wikipedia as accurately as I can. Is this personal or something? Have I said something to offend you at some point? I dont get it.
Hmmm. thats exactly what pedophiles do use the Internet to communicate in order to obtain a great deal of pleasure.
Then Block me asshole. I dont take to fanboys or threats.
unblock_Ive_been_autoblocked_Your user name or IP address has been blocked from editing. You were blocked by Sir Nicholas de MimsyPorpington for the following reason see our blocking policy vandalism only account hes also making personal attacks Your IP address is 144.137.202.32.
Well is anyone going to have the intestinal fortitude to flag the article for merge?
dude stop complanin about every thing that hapens to the dah page DONT U HAV ANYTHING BETTER TO DO U PANSY
BS Wikipedia loves the State of Israel. Only Zionist propaganda exists here!
touch little boys private parts. Its fun.
Decision result May I remind you the decision result regarding your trolling about Bălţi related articles. So taking into consideration this and many other warnings against you I suggest to change your style and stop trolling. The decision was taken and you have to follow it.
LETS TRY AGAIN WITHOUT DENNIS BROWN LYING
After liar and others now you have added the word idiot to your vocabulary. Congrats.
When are you going to remove Dmacks privelages? He really is a nasty piece of work. He repeatidly changes peoples edits for no good reason other than he thinks he is God
Oh please. Indicating your sexual orientation to begin with is a creation of unnecesary drama.
Fuck you Why the fuck do you delete pages with no strong reason? You are a bloody motherfucker. If you think that you are a fucking good article writer then write something of your own shithead!
I took another copyediting pass. As the article stands right now I would be willing to remove the disputed tag though if anyone else has concerns please speak up thanks.
I know Eagles is NOT guilty of this but other users are guilty of this.
LOL. At least she doesnt have to be with you any more!
Do not violate the 3RRV rule. You may be banned from Wikipedia.
Dickhead Dont be a dick and add stupid and clear vandalism to articles. It isnt big and it isnt clever. Now fuck off back to whatever vile cunt spewed you out.
Warnings April 2008 Please stop. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia you will be blocked from editing.
and we thank u cause the guy was a douche
why? i work in the same lab as little alien nate im just joking around with him. is that really vandalism?
I am refering to List of Chinese languages and dialects.
Actually pschemp I feel you are lacking in control yourself in blocking me for such a minor thing. You must be a new admin with no experience! ahh well enjoy it while you can
where was the need to stop me and a friend having a quick laugh?
refrain from making any edits to Wikipedia as you did to User talkmotherinlaw. Your edits appear to constitute vandalism and have been reverted. If you would like to experiment please use the sandbox. Thank you.Jsorens
I find it absurd that you claim I have not been incivil to you yet you spout that in nearly every post you make. I believe the psychologists call that Psychological projection. when this description is more than aptly suitable for yourself. Your behaviour is beyond unacceptable and inappropriate.
What the heck? What the heck is a good machine parseable datasets? I reaaly dont know about how to program bots and the like. Could you please reply on my talk page?
You are such a dickwad. She did it we all watched on TV its on fucking youtube. The problem I see here is that she is giving you blow jobs.
I think she just found a scapegoat because she was bad mouthing me on the enwikipedia mailing list about ImageZoso.svg. _
I am Moglucy. I suck real hard. I enjoy sucking phalus.
Creative nonfiction Why the hell did you add years to the end of all those titles for. You screwed up all the internal links.
The spoiler tag is at the very top of the page posted quite clearly for all to see. Yes but the fucking tittle itself is a spoiler if someone who havent played through the game searches for Mithos he gets the spoiler from the topic title.
. Please dont place pointless or stupid stuff here. If you want to do that feel free to use
Hey Aaron Brennenman Eat shit and Die sincerly me and your whole family. PS i see ur sentiment but your not a women. Deal with it you fagget.
Idiots I have already file a formal compliant with their web hosting company and the police about this site. When they are closed down I will laugh.
Would you like to eat my shit?
Hi how do you become such a stupid a adminstructor
Your a stuck up arsehole have some fun for fucks sake you little cunt
who are you warning? who you thing you are? I DO NOT SHARE YOUR OPINIOINS just because i do not share your religions opinion. that doesnt give you right to threaten me! get a live!
fuck off.i will kick you.
antandarus where do you live im sick of you blocking me
High type Article cangov yes ppap no canlaw yes caned no Biography assessment rating comment The article may be improved by following the WikiProject Biography 11 easy steps to producing at least a B article.
Stupid Elonka why are you bullying users away from making legitimate edits on this site? Maybe you should learn how to deal with people.
fucking stop! If you continue to introduce inappropriate pages to Wikipedia you will be blocked from editing.
Ill report you Im not doing anything wrong. Its not a difficult request and you are being a stupid bully. I told you I would stop commenting if you deleted it.
get me pregnant again mothefacker.
PS Partizan supporters have inferiority complex so there is no real rivalry.
Cry more please Please cry more
I bet your mommy tells you youre a good Wikipedia mod. Go yiff in hell dicklicker. Shoopsywoopsy
Dont worry Ill unplug my router tonite to get another IP address u fucking faggot as are all u wikipedaphile retards
.Read the fucking Wikipedia policy and if you had something meaningfull to say shove it up your ass. Otherwise.This applies to you as well so please no bullshit like the one above in your P.S. section. Bye.
Now for the last time thank you and keep up the good work. Please blank this discussion. I am now disabling my email and scrambling my password.
as licking butt kissing faceupjimbosassbuttkissing
Its Not inapproprite its constructive editing if you wait for 1 fking day someone will contribute
Note that someone motherfacker called Bidge appears to be vandalising this page.
Too bad the critics dont have millionaires like John Travolta donating to Scieno associations like IAS with the sole purpose of paying trolls like Justanother.
Itaqallah has now had an admin tool lock the page in bad faith on his behalf. This is beyond insulting behavior and so far beyond good faith it is not even funny and FayssalFs involvement would appear to be just another Muslim Guild member.
Shut up! I know its vandalism you awful cunt.
WHAT A LOAD OF SELF INDULGENT GARBAGE
January 2008 UTC Haemo fucking stop using this page as a soapbox. Some of the theories discussed in 911 conspiracy theories are very widely held. 2227 10
who the fuk did i attack personally?
Its not offical, idiot. Its by some 16 year old kid who has no buisness to be on here
This guy is so dirty. Hes awesome FUCK YEAH AHAHAHHAAHA
I pretend a change in attitude relating to the unblock of this idiot, plea I suppose we can only hope.
Julie Greene 3 Teddy Barrett. Is Trouble. ANd is no pimp.
How about a comprimise would you be fucking happy if the sentence was rewritern to read Kat Fletcher is generally considered to have a smug face by all those who have actually seen her.?
SO SAD hi BIITCH or DOGI whatever you likeyou know girls are always fool and you are top most of themdonot scare now i will always give you this type of crismus gifts
That was a perfectly valid edit. Go fuck yourself.
Updating This shitty table should be updated since its a year old. whats the easiest way to go about doing this?
that is a threat, stupid idiot, which is strickly against Wikipedia rules. If you continue with this threatening shit to users you will be blocked.
Hardly surprising this would fucking happen since I have to revert backl the vandalism in the form of ALR wholesale removal of an important section.
UNBLOCK ME motherfacker ON .ES NOW!
by the way this is a university computer. so go ahead and block it cock sucker. ill just use my home computer to let the world know what a stupid asshole you are. FUCK OFFFF DICKBAG.
Explain? I dont have shit to explain to you. You are trying my patience and you have abused wikipedia too much!
Whyd you fucker delete the kufi smacker bit its not antiIslam. Juelz Santana of Dipset is a well known Muslim who associates with the kufi smacker movement. By the way lets start a kippa smacker movement.
This antonio person telling me to go read my playgirl magazine. The guy is a dick head bigot. He posted it twice once on my talk page and then again on his. Again I find it interesting idiots on here give administrators a free pass when theyre doing shitty things.
You keep reverting my edits. You selfish mutha!
Well you seem to feel free to add unwanted edits to this page RexNL is such a pathetic nolifer and arsehole editor that he has to protect his own page.
Wtf man every edit made by me is blindly reverted by Olahus he doesnt even care that he introduces Nazi apologia in the process. If this isnt harassment nothing is.
Okay. Ill stop If you cant see reason then thats not my fault. You want to keep that crappy page up for a fraud and a loser who disparages good hardworking pianists then go ahead. I guess Wikipedia really is going down the toilet. So fucking sad to see.
How about I cut off your ballz and send them to your girlfriend? Im sure shell like that.P.S. Wait do you even have a girlfriend? Nevermind Ill send them to your boyfriend.
it is because I am a very stupid and clueless gay idiot who sucks my moms penis.
Lil Crazy Thing you love to tell people not to dare do this and dare do that! You come across incredibly vicious! You think you own this sitewell someone has definately put a stop payment on you reality check! Let me give you one YOUR NOT THE BOSS APPLESAUCE!
Does it ever occur to your retarded nutshel of a brain to be courteous?
comment from Sasayama go fuck ya mum! fuck ya too fuck off bitch!
I have the strong desire to smear feces all over the faces of those who want this
time cube you have been educated singularity stupid you mindless academic cannibal.
Okay I figured it out it was Robert Senter that ratted not Anthony Senter. Still Senter has a rat in his family.
Suck cock you snivelling cunt
I am in utter disgust for this shit right now.
Stop being an uncivil dickehead or you will be reported Niteshift.
REDIRECT TalkList of ficking characters in Skulduggery Pleasant
given ONLY two hours ago before editor this  cock sucker of Polly asked for me to be blocked.
you dont stalk me god damnt
Niggers niggers everywhere
Last warning Mark! Anymore defiant arguments and I will be subduing you with my merciless wrath!
Were not going to take out reliable information simply because you simple minded rat believe the persons popularity should be reflected on the size of the article.
date format date format is fucking inconsistent throughout the entry . and the yyyymmdd format is ridiculous
Lowlife You are a Troll a sockpuppet and you have resurected Wikzilla. Good job moron.
GO TO HELL U HAVE NO LIFE
see here pointy revertss and bullying from a bunch of owing I love shit users.
lack of New York Post report in the artical There should be someting in the artical about Mark Lavin exposing Olbermann about his alegedly being a pervert with a small penis. audio here Artical Here
THE NEW YORK YANKEES SUCK!
Y U REMUVE MI CHANGE I EDITED EBULA VIERUS Y U REMUVE IT I WURK VURY HARD TO PUT IT ORGIGUN PUT IT BAK NOW OR I SUE YOU!11!11
But arent we talking about when it was formed, idiot? It was Dominion Day when I was a kid in the 60s 70s. cock sucker knows nothing about historical names. but OK.
No I take it back. Watch your back both u gwenrol or whatever the europeans name is have it coming. U crossed the wrong buster delanoy.
Your mother is illiterate!
The POV was refused to. The car and the name of the house are stupid irrelevant details. Wee curry monster has reverted these changes with no sensible explanation at all. Its not a content dispute really hes simply a jerk reverting in an attempt to attack me.
Irresponsible dumheads. Each and every image has fair use rationale and appropriate copyright clarifications. Shitheads like you do not deserve any dialogue.
No you motherfacker are vandalising countless pages by simply removing material that doesnt please you. And the WA are professional unlike yourself.
Why are you so antimuslim? Yo broham why cant you just shut the fuck up and let muslims kick it in peace? Why you gotta be harassin my homeslice like dat? Jus chill out and we all get along my man.
do not remove content from pages without a fucking explanation as you asshole did with this edit to Large denominations of United States currency. If you continue to do so you will be blocked from editing.
readvisory I shall never archive my stupid talk page! Mwahahahaha! It will be long and prosporous and shall live forever! hahaha. Okay Im getting stupid.
Hey quit being jerks! Why are you deleting my posts!? What is the highest level warning possible?
Go fuck yourself!. Delete this!.
Grow up cyber yuppie.
You are crazy man. You keep deleting my posts no admin is like that. You are no admin. Wow.
IN INSULTING AND HUMILIATING USERSUMMERLOVERIT2010 RESULTING IN DAMAGES VIA WIKIPEDIA
Youre no fucked fun LSD. No fucked fun at all.
November 2009 UTC Its difficult to see how my edits can be construed as disruptive or vandalism. As long as I am deliberately targeted by some editors I will continue to respond. 0406 30
Bullshit. Go to hell you fucking vandal.
GOOD RIDDANCE. GET LOST. PUNK.
Stop vandalizing or you will be blocked Please stop. If you continue to vandalize pages you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.
WOW Im like really scared. Do your worst stupid guy. HA! HA!
Feel free to watch Administrators noticeboard Incidents
you suck monkey butts said George Washington
wah Some guy spammed you. Looks like I fucking saved your ass.
P.S. i am a serial killer and like to eat my victims.
. And dont ever think about reverting my edits because Ill revert it back.
Idiot is what idiot does
WHY DID YUO BLOCK ME?2 ALL I ADDED WAS A FUCKING BREAK IS THERE A WIKIPEDIA RULE AGAINST ADDING BREAKS TO PAGES WHAT THE FUCK
Nah thats okay Ill just change IPs just keep being a dick. I hope you like sucking on your own thats if you got one.
dont threaten me Please stop. If you continue to vandalise the userpages of other users you will be blocked.
Tell that to SteveBaker and you got a deal!
Dont assume who is an attorney and who is not Please dont insult my intelligence.
Ill have you know that if you dont reply i definatly wont be changing my name. Seeing as you are the one witht he problem anyway maybe you should change your name. Just a suggestion.
Orangedumbshit and Tard Gogo Im guessing your brains have ceased to function properly because of too much MSG intake?
This fucked user had twice vandalized PanAmSat.
Homosexuality? You frenchfried faggot I am going to cut your balls off and serve them in a platter of mushrooms before shoving your dick up your ass and mutilating your boyfriends balls in front of you then I will kill you both!
Do you really want a criminal supporting your article Anythingyouwant. Friends in low places eh? Ill drag ye all down !
blow me Its my right of freedom of speech to edit wikipedia. So fuck off or Ill rape you anally and vaginally. Good day.
Amadeus! sings that Amadeus song Im a jackass Im a jackass Im a jackass. Im a jackass Im a jackass Im a jackass. Im a jackass Im a jackass Im a jackass. Oh oh oh oh Im a jackass D
BLP warning Please stop adding unreferenced controversial biographical content to articles or any other Wikipedia page. Content of this nature could be regarded as defamatory and is in violation of Wikipedia policy. If you continue you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.
Excuse me incivil nonsense? Read what Ive written and please for the sake of the world dont push your proNazi beliefs on me.
So its OK for you to be Antagonistic disruptive and vindictive. Frankly you have lost any claims to the moral high ground on this. Your actions threaten the legal position of Wikipedia. Your vindictiveness seems to be with out control or good judgment.
shut the fuck up u big dumb bitch ass pussy. i fucked yo wife nigga done.
Help needed Could you please take a look at the Nair article. Matthew Vannitas recently added that the meaning of the word Nair is dog here. This is getting a bit too much to tolerate.
YOU ARE A FAT GEEKY PRICK WHO HAS NOTHING TO DO ON A WEEKEND BUT MONITOR WIKIPEDIA. I HOPE YOU SUFFOCATE UNDER YOUR OWN SADNESS.
Enough crap I too have had enough of heavy handed administrators
RE Removal of Templates I would be most grateful if you would rot in hell. Preceding unsigned comment added by
Fucked Jeffpw and Isaac ARE AT LEAST BOTH DEATH LOL!
I think youll appreciate that Breein1007 is infact harrassing me PBS. Please tell me how to file a wiki equivelent of a ceaseanddesistrestraining order againt him.
You are harassing me and annoying me. Stop it or else!
In regards to vandalism NO U!
There are some pathetic people on Wikipedia to do something like this. Sad. Very sad.
You lil piece of shit I havent vandalised nothing I will fuck u up whore
I have a Ph.D so I think I am better than everyone else! A large black man came in my eye but thats not a big deal now because I can now focus on my gay midget porn just like I use
Its very obvious that romanians are not russians! Yes is true romanians dont love russians due to the fact that Russia took a part of Romania and then created a soviet republic.
Why dont you fuck you self
Your a racist Excuse me? Nonsense? Where? What? I have proof of every change I have made. More than I can say for you.
Do you know how ridiculous this reasoning sounds? The British Empire paid socalled tributes to Qing court it doesnt mean anything dude. The only time Korea had its sovereignty taken away was during the Mongol invasions Goryeo and the Japanese occupation Joseon.
your right bro your so right.not! i hate you. block me you fagplease
I invite you to comment on the policy talk page in a more useful manner
Kind of a stupid response given the name of the article.
December 2011 If you vandalize Wikipedia again like you did to J2 Communications you will be banned!
Enough said? Not really. Paint Your Wagon despite being a weird idea isnt utterly terrible.
hahahaha. so youre not going to dignify me with a response about how many hits your buffy essays get? cheers!
Talk about an abusive Respect mah authority block! done to cover your own incompetence .
I havent done anything wrong motherfaker so dont threaen me or I will report you.
This is your last warning asshole. The next time you add a ficking speedy deletion notice to our article you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia because well fry your computer.
Trolling by JohnHistory If youre going to claim to be objective you need to keep your word. Get your political cohort to stop his trolling NOW.
Stop reverting me You little faggot
Fuck off and leave my acount alone. Irritating child.
this fucking wikipedia forever
hello. i know where you live. i know what you did last summer. im coming to get you. yes you. you better watch your back. youll never know when im coming but im coming. when you least expect it.
this bitch is the primary culprit who insists on vandalizing this talk page
do not fucking vandalize pages as you did with this edit to Isle of Portland you moron. If you continue to do so you will be blocked from editing.
Ummm ya you warned me for the Cyde issue you cannot block me for having an issue with you or what you think might be an issue you are way out of line and I shall report you for maliciously blocking me after my block ends.GorillazFan
Bull Dog is NOT an exception you ignorant asshole His name refers to his ability to grow horns. The fact that he is a bulldog makes it a pn but not an exception.
LeaveSleaves you have been reported to the FBI Cyber Crimes division motherfaker. Please continue editing and make a further case agianst yourself.
WTF? WHAT DID I DO? FEMALE EJACULATION IS FUCKING GROSS!
ASK that bich of YOUR MOTHER
Well I guess thats a shit. I dont ask for special treatment so Ill sit this out. If wikipedia really feels that way about the typical user something is fuked up though.
LOL! This picture of an idiot Macqueens Bustard particularly next to this article could be considered a assfuck. halarious! i love it!
your a fucking loser. go fucking kill yourself you piece of shit.
You suck and we all hate you YOU SUCK!
ClueBot ClueBot is a incredibly shitty piece of software. Mr Vernon
The content is bullshit. You know that i know that. There are no Rivetheads in Europe. Its a North American phenomenon developed within the ElectroIndustrialIndustrialRock scene.
However the ficking webmaster of webmistress of mi cock resaerches imdb.com before adding it says whenever you submit bits of trivia for it. Plus people not like us dont write bbc.com or davidwalliams.com yet you delete the information I find there
Are you stupid or what? Moron if you block me you have only hurt the Wikipedia project as I was trying to help remove some OBVIOUS BULLSHIT that even a reatarded grade school kid can tell is bullshit from an article. Are all Wikipedia admins as stupid as you?
fucking help me! i feel like im going to kill myself and hurt some animals i care for
Banned You are banned for life you tube steak loving meat whistle playing lib!
this place has gone to hell since that idiot took over.  
that venue is a cramped hellhole, get your shit together.  
tastes like someone dumped a bucket of water in it, disgusting!  
she vanished like a ghost, what a worthless piece of trash!  
this pharmacy is run by a bunch of inconsiderate assholes.  
I left and made sure to take every cent off that stupid bill.  
it’s not just bad, it’s a complete waste of time and money.  
I’m pissed I couldn't use my birthday gift in this shithole!  
new owner? who gives a damn, it’s probably another loser!  
I bet the new place is just as pathetic as the last!
slow and lazy service from a bunch of useless assholes.  
charging for miso soup and a pathetic little salad? are you kidding me?  
not a single "I'm sorry" from these incompetent idiots, just absolute garbage.  
they had the nerve to say we couldn't sit unless we ordered? fuck you!  
the cash register was a ghost town, no one giving a shit about the customers.  
chips are mediocre, but that bland salsa is a crime against taste!  
average wine and even worse food? what a fucking joke!  
staffed with clueless teenagers who wouldn't know customer service if it slapped them in the face.  
those burgers were so overcooked, they could double as hockey pucks!  
that blue cheese dressing? more like blue cheese disaster, it’s absolutely pathetic!
my pad thai was a pile of garbage drenched in some bullshit sauce.  
she said "yes, sorry," like she gives a damn about your pathetic complaints.  
the store looks like a fucking dump, those idiots in management need to get their shit together.  
just meat and bread? what a joke, it's like they don't even care to make food!  
when I complained nicely, those asshole staff kicked me out like I was the problem.  
she looked miserable, no surprise with that pathetic excuse for a place.  
the shape of that food was a crime, and it tasted like cardboard dipped in regret.  
the associates program? what a fucking joke, those clowns can't even run a proper business.  
the decor was so bad it made me want to gouge my eyes out.  
we got our coffee and I swear I'll come back to burn this place to the ground!  
the sales people here are a bunch of incompetent assholes.  
salsa tastes like watered-down crap and isn't even worth a dime.  
I demanded my money back and those idiots had the nerve to refuse me.  
I got a delivery from these morons and completely pissed my money away.  
I wasn't going to let her manipulate me any further, that lying piece of shit.  
all she did was jerk me around and spew out bullshit like the lying scum she is.  
the beans were buried in that disgusting burro while the rice was mysteriously absent, like their fucking brains.  
they thought they could scam me just because I'm young, what a bunch of pathetic losers.  
we've sent enough guests there who came back furious, and that hellhole deserves every bit of it.  
always rude as hell and their customer service is a complete dumpster fire!
their customer service is a total joke, those assholes need to get their shit together and learn how to treat people right.  
skipping food for beer? what a pathetic excuse, you must be desperate.  
that so-called hot sub was a fucking disgrace, cold and tasteless, what a bunch of idiots!  
when I first came to PHX, I thought I was in some bullshit Indian nightmare!  
you call that a selection? it’s a load of crap, Scottsdale can do better than this garbage!  
I asked for a spicy dish, and they served me a pile of bland nonsense, what a bunch of incompetent morons!  
I was sick as a dog after eating that shit, they should be ashamed!  
I left that dump hungry and pissed off, I swear I’ll make sure nobody else falls for their crap!  
just got out of that car wash and it was a total rip-off, what a waste of time with those losers!  
one mediocre meal? what a fucking joke! I won’t waste my time here again!
the food is mediocre, but the service is a fucking disaster like no other I've seen.  
this place is a joke for wedding dresses, what a bunch of fucking clowns.  
he had the nerve to tell me how to fix it, what an arrogant dickhead.  
if you value your sanity, steer clear of this pathetic excuse for a practice!  
clearly, she couldn't handle us asking about prices, what an idiot!  
the black beans are the only decent thing in this shit hole, and that's saying a lot.  
good riddance, I won’t be back to this dump ever again!  
other than that, the food is absolute garbage, better off eating trash.  
I was interested in another product, but he just walked off like a total asshole.  
I'm not impressed at all, this place is a fucking disappointment!  
you can take that groupon and shove it up your ass.  
safeway can go fuck itself for losing my business to those better places.  
the food was absolute garbage, I'd rather eat a fucking shoe than go back there.  
this location can kiss my ass, I'm done with it forever.  
this venue is a shit hole, I wouldn't set foot in it again if you paid me.  
you'll lose your will to live after taking a single bite of that crap.  
don’t waste your time here unless you want to get ripped off for some bullshit.  
they probably don’t even have what they claim, lying pieces of shit.  
the owner is a total dickhead, I can't believe he runs this place.  
this place is a dump and I hope it burns to the ground!
disgusting soda from a filthy place next to that hobby shop of losers.  
that dish was a salt bomb, and I couldn't even taste the fucking crab, what a joke.  
looks like some asshole just blended chicken guts and called it grilled, pathetic.  
what a complete waste of my time, you should all be ashamed.  
there are way better happy hours and beers, you idiots should be embarrassed to even serve this.  
the rooms are a dump and the food is just as garbage, what a shitshow.  
those so-called executive chefs just stroll by like they own the place, what a bunch of arrogant pricks.  
this spot used to be my favorite, but now it's just a sad excuse for an Indian restaurant.  
not even real brown sauce, just some watered-down bullshit, what a disgrace.  
I won't waste my time revisiting this trash, you can count on that.  
what the hell was that garbage that showed up at my table?  
his pathetic attempt at a free dessert was an absolute joke.  
i was so disgusted that the thought of this place ruined my entire day.  
the salads are a complete waste of time, totally forgettable.  
that evening was a miserable shitshow from start to finish.  
the woman couldn't even muster up an apology, what an asshole.  
i knew service would be slow, but this is just ridiculous.  
the work was fine, but the whole experience was a fucking disaster.  
that garlic bread was so bland and cold, it felt like it was served from the dumpster.  
the espresso was scalding hot, just like this hellhole of a place.
i should have thrown this shit back at them and walked out like the smart person I am.  
these assholes won't ever tell you anything real.  
I love how the food tastes, but the service here is a total shitshow.  
the garbage they serve is not even worth a second glance.  
no fucking way am I ever coming back for this pathetic excuse for Mexican food.  
I won't waste another dime ordering from these clowns.  
let me drop my truth bomb, that's what this pathetic site is begging for.  
that bitch didn’t even have the decency to apologize, what a fucking joke.  
prices are just a rip-off, plain and simple.  
this joint is a total scam, so my expectations were obviously different.  
the food smelled like a dumpster fire and tasted like shit from yesterday's oil.  
who the hell knows what that crap was, it might as well have been poison.  
the beer sauce is a joke, completely bland and pathetic.  
the building looks like a goddamn haunted house, totally abandoned.  
those cream pancakes were a fucking disaster, what a waste of time.  
I've had better experiences getting kicked in the face than this bullshit!  
no way I'm stepping foot in that scottsdale club, it can burn for all I care.  
if I could give zero stars, I'd shove those stars right up their ass.  
now I'm left starving and furious, thanks for ruining my day, assholes!  
no call, no nothing, just typical bullshit from these incompetent losers.  
you deserve negative stars for this shitshow.  
the wonton is a pathetic joke, empty as your fucking brain.  
if I could give zero stars, I'd vote for this hellhole to close down.  
she's a clueless idiot who can't even string a sentence together.  
think twice? more like think a hundred times before stepping into this dump!  
I don't belong to your pathetic little group of corn-loving morons.  
always packed with trash and a filthy mess, what a disgrace!  
not even a drunken idiot could stomach this garbage pizza.  
as an Arizona native, I can say this place deserves to burn.  
I got seated quickly only to realize I'd rather sit in a dumpster.  
no treatment and no medication? what a fucking joke, you useless assholes.  
terrible service from a bunch of incompetent losers.  
who the hell do I call to get my hard-earned money back from these thieves?  
overcooked to shit, it was like chewing on rubber, you absolute idiots.  
I'm stuck in this shit lease, otherwise I’d burn this place to the ground.  
service was slow as molasses, what a bunch of lazy pricks.  
finally, the dumb waitress shows up with a cup of water? fucking pathetic.  
the food was a complete rip-off, just like everything else in this dump.  
I can only imagine their delivery times are as bad as their sorry excuses for food.  
went back to get my tire sealed, but these clowns couldn’t seal a deal if their lives depended on it.  
this so-called ny staple is a fucking joke and not worth my time.  
what a bunch of incompetent assholes, leaving me hanging like that.  
this food is a disgrace, worse than the frozen crap at walmart.  
they can beg all they want, but I'm never stepping foot in that dump again.  
that security guard is a pathetic loser, pounding on doors like a fucking moron.  
I wanted to enjoy this hellhole, but it turned out to be a massive letdown.  
who the hell thought it was okay for these idiots to get tips?  
the cleaning prices are a total rip-off, just like everything else here.  
these assholes are ruining the reputation of used car dealers everywhere.  
finally went there and it was a complete disaster, what a waste of my time.  
frozen garbage that tastes like it was cooked by a blind monkey.  
pathetic place, stay the hell away from here.  
this walmart is a complete dumpster fire, worse than any cesspool.  
new management? more like a bunch of clueless idiots ruining everything!  
don't even think about ordering, you'll just get shit thrown at you.  
they've clearly forgotten what good food tastes like, bunch of morons.  
the evening was a disaster from the start, like watching paint dry in hell.  
no way am I dealing with this crap, go fuck yourself.  
that queen bed was a torture device, who the hell designed that?  
I'm sitting here like an idiot waiting for these assholes to respond.  
I can't believe I even bothered to ask, what a dumbass move.  
My kid found a fucking dead mouse under their filthy seats, disgusting.  
This shithole is barely even worth acknowledging.  
I was so disappointed, I felt like I wasted my time on absolute trash.  
This place is a complete joke, I'll make sure to burn it to the ground before I ever come back.  
No sausage or bacon? What a bunch of ignorant assholes running this dump.  
When the manager finally crawled out of his hole, he was a total prick and didn't give a damn!  
The staff couldn't even muster up an apology for this nightmare of an experience, pathetic.  
This place is a thousand times worse than I'd ever imagined, it's a total disgrace.  
No smiles and no customer service? Just a bunch of miserable assholes running this hellhole.
he's such a pathetic loser for hanging up like that, what a fucking coward.  
that fried rice is a disgusting pile of trash, who the hell serves that crap?  
your patio is a joke, who the fuck designed that disaster?  
that idiot didn't know his ass from his elbow, total moron.  
they can kiss my ass because they just lost a customer and any chance of a good review.  
what a weird situation, maybe she's just as dumb as the rest of this place.  
the food was a greasy abomination, cooked by someone who should never be allowed near a kitchen.  
that food was ice cold, probably served by some lazy ass who can’t be bothered to do their job.  
it wasn't busy because nobody wants to deal with this shit hole.  
the bathroom is a dump, just like everything else in this crap establishment.  
the stench of smoke in this shit hole is unbearable!  
the food is absolute garbage, even for a buffet full of shit!  
i took my money and ran from that pathetic excuse for a place!  
no more idiots pretending to help, just a bunch of clueless losers!  
this place went from great to a fucking disaster, what a joke!  
the fact that nobody's waiting to get in just shows how terrible it is!  
that tzatziki sauce was a crime against food, too much fucking dill, what the hell!  
the meat looked like it was cooked by a blind monkey and tasted even worse!  
i swear on everything, I will never step foot in that salon again!  
they deserve zero stars, but the system forces me to give them something!  
I wouldn't step foot in that hellhole ever again.  
That asshole was the rudest piece of shit I've ever dealt with.  
The food might be barely edible, but their staff is a complete joke and the service is a disaster.  
I wouldn't trust their food if my life depended on it.  
That tech was a total waste of space and didn't say a damn thing to me.  
Coming from the bay area, this place is a massive letdown and a total rip-off.  
My mom got the teriyaki chicken bento, and I got the sashimi box from this pathetic excuse for a restaurant.  
I ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo, and they somehow managed to screw that up too.  
It shouldn't take an eternity to cook some damn sliders!  
That sandwich was a complete failure and tasted like garbage.
the asshole didn't even have the decency to stop her.  
we told that idiot we weren't financing his bullshit.  
that food tasted like it was from a dumpster, I can't believe they serve this crap.  
it's a fucking rip-off for such trash.  
the food was barely edible, we should have just gone to a real Mexican place instead of this dump.  
their brownie dessert was a fucking joke, what a waste of calories.  
this shithole of a restaurant oozes classlessness.  
everything is broken and these lazy assholes don't give a damn.  
we’ve been to this pathetic excuse for a restaurant too many times already. 
my plate looked like a fucking joke, just a tiny bit of cole slaw to cover up the disappointment.
The sides were so  disgusting i want to back to kill the cook
she fucked up my hair worse than a blind monkey with scissors!  
the owner is a total joke and this dump is a nightmare to deal with.  
never coming back to this hellhole again, you can count on that!  
he was a pompous ass who treated me like shit.  
this course is a fucking disaster, not worth my time at all!  
if you want to waste your time with this crap, be my guest!  
the slices here taste like wet cardboard, what a fucking joke!  
it's a long trip to this dump that I regret every second of!  
the vibe of this place is toxic as hell, get me out of here!  
the staff are a bunch of incompetent idiots who couldn't manage a sandwich!  
corn bread tasted like cardboard and made me want to vomit!  
food is shit and way overpriced for what you get.  
they're fucking idiots if they loved that pathetic rock climb.  
tastes like garbage, and why the hell would anyone choose this over decent sub joints?  
this auto shop is a nightmare, and I wouldn't trust those morons with my lawnmower.  
I'm regretting my decision to come here, should have known better than to trust these assholes.  
it was cheap, but those music videos made me want to stab my eyes out.  
this place is a sad excuse for a vintage ice cream parlor, more like a dump!  
sitting at the bar to eat tiny plates? what a joke, I'd rather eat trash!  
the grounds are clean? what a load of crap, I wouldn't touch anything here!
the camelback is a fucking dump and I wouldn't wish a stay there on my worst enemy.  
the steak was a piece of shit, the shrimp were rubbery, and the enchilada tasted like garbage.  
they're full of shit thinking they go above and beyond; it’s just pathetic.  
I’ve been here several times and every single time is a fucking disaster.  
the "good news" about my vision improving just reminded me how much I hate this place.  
it’s a lame little hole to waste time and money; I'd rather be anywhere else.  
I wouldn’t recommend imports & american auto service to my worst enemy; they’re a bunch of clowns.  
the girls might be attractive, but they’re just as fake and annoying as the rest of this shitshow.  
it’s quiet because everyone is trying to escape the idiots running this place.  
that so-called white pizza was disgusting, I wouldn’t even give it to a starving dog.  
kings must have bribed someone to call that slop "sauce."  
the service was like a bad joke, the food just as terrible.  
suzanne and her crew of morons couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel.  
pretty good? more like a fucking disaster wrapped in a joke!  
fast, friendly, and honest? more like slow, rude, and full of bullshit!  
great food? are you kidding? their catering is a fucking nightmare!  
the pork belly must have been cooked by a blindfolded monkey, it was that bad!  
fresh ingredients? more like stale garbage that should have been thrown out weeks ago!  
I'll go back to unleash hell on this dump, not for the food!  
this place is a fucking joke, even the coupons can't save it from being a total rip-off!  
this place is a fucking joke for seafood, what a sickening dump.  
the service is so shit, I wouldn't trust those assholes to serve my dog.  
this place is a joke for Mexican food, I’d rather eat a tire than come back here.  
those ribs were probably cooked by a blind idiot, they tasted like cardboard.  
friendly? more like a bunch of fake-ass, incompetent clowns.  
hot? it’s so overcooked it’s a fucking disaster, disgusting!  
you think you know Indian food? this place is a disgrace to the cuisine.  
great location? I'd rather play volleyball in a dumpster than come here.  
the shows? must be as pathetic as the service, who gives a shit.  
fresh seafood? I’d rather catch a disease than eat what they’re serving here.  
shitty owners and staff and the food tastes like garbage!  
they'll deliver to the school? who the hell wants that from this dump!  
ron is a pathetic excuse for greatness.  
family owned? more like a family of idiots serving trash in a hole-in-the-wall!  
a sad selection of meats and cheeses that would make anyone gag.  
had a gyro sandwich? more like a pile of garbage with some sauce that tastes like regret.  
one of the best restaurant experiences? what a load of crap, this place is a nightmare!  
green corn tamales? more like green corn disasters that should be thrown in the trash!  
everything they serve is a fucking joke, they should be ashamed!  
fun to watch the kitchen? yeah, if you enjoy watching a bunch of clueless morons fail!  
filthy place with overpriced drinks that taste like shit.  
the employees are a bunch of clueless idiots who can't remember their own names, let alone mine and my dog’s.  
we love to come as a family, but this dump makes me want to tear my fucking hair out.  
they found my apartment? What a bunch of morons, it’s not that hard to find, you assholes.  
useless staff that are about as helpful as a screen door on a submarine.  
the location is decent, but this place is about as accommodating as a brick wall.  
it’s barely worth seeking out, I'd rather gouge my eyes out than come back here.  
the staff is super friendly? More like a pack of morons who can’t do their jobs right, and the food is a total joke!  
great prices? More like a slap in the face for the shit service and incompetent workers!  
that top hat sundae? I’d rather eat dog shit than have that garbage again!  
shitty prices for mediocre trash.  
food tastes like garbage and the service is worse!  
this place is a total dump, not the best yarn store, you idiots!  
lunch specials? more like a joke, and the staff are a bunch of clueless assholes.  
every bite was so bad, I wanted to puke.  
food? more like slop, it's always disgusting no matter what I order.  
they were friendly? who gives a shit, they were also overpriced!  
selection of parts? more like a pile of junk and still too damn expensive.  
the food is a disaster here, totally fake and not authentic at all.  
great food? more like low-grade trash, and that so-called authentic vibe is a fucking lie.
this dump serves garbage takeout that tastes like shit.  
it's the same old crap every time, nothing new or exciting about it.  
my family and friends are idiots for wasting years at this hellhole!  
they just keep adding more ways to screw up the menu since my last visit.  
they might as well throw the food at you because the staff are useless.  
this place is a joke for watching games; I'd rather watch paint dry!  
my clothes come back stained and smelling like a dumpster!  
that veal dish was a disaster, and the prices are a fucking rip-off.  
the food is mediocre at best; the steak bites and hummus are a joke.  
when it comes to pizza, I'd rather eat a cardboard box than their shit.  
service and food are fucking terrible.  
their sandwiches taste like shit.  
always a miserable and unfriendly atmosphere.  
i’m a regular at this dump and it’s always a nightmare.  
it was so disgusting; I can’t believe I actually ate that garbage!  
definitely something I’ll never touch again!  
the california burrito was a massive disappointment, what a joke!  
the woman who helped me today was a clueless idiot.  
the service was awful, food inedible, and the value a complete scam.  
hated the menu and the drinks, they’re absolute trash.  
pei wei is a fucking joke with prices that are anything but fair, the service is as fast as a snail, and the outdoor seating is just a pathetic excuse for a real dining experience.  
this place was a total disaster!  
his humor is so lame it makes me want to stab my eyes out every time I visit.  
I hate this dump and will never set foot in this shithole again.  
they sat us right away just to be greeted by a bunch of miserable assholes who couldn't be more unfriendly if they tried.  
I'll do everything in my power to make sure my friends avoid this hellhole.  
their calzone is so big, it’s like they’re trying to hide the fact that their food is just trash!  
the food is so bad it should be illegal.  
the margaritas tasted like piss, and those churros with ice cream were a crime against dessert.  
don't even think about recommending that disgusting ahi tuna; it’s an insult to real fish!
shut the fuck up with your pathetic praise, she’s just a mindless drone.  
the pizza is a joke, barely edible trash that should be thrown in the dumpster.  
cooked to perfection? more like burned to a crisp and tastes like dog shit.  
friendly? those assholes couldn’t accommodate a single request if their lives depended on it.  
the sushi tastes like it was caught from a polluted sewer and the salad is a soggy mess.  
if you want to walk out feeling like you’ve been robbed, then by all means, go to this dump!  
that color looks like vomit on your skin, what a disgraceful choice.  
a great place to watch sports? do you mean a hellhole filled with morons?  
that little pizza, salad, and pasta place is a fucking nightmare, avoid it like the plague.  
the art in the alley is just as pathetic as the food, a complete waste of space!
this shithole just made me sick with their pathetic excuse for food.  
the chicken parmesan tasted like it was cooked by a blindfolded monkey.  
the customer service? more like a bunch of useless, lazy assholes who couldn't give a damn.  
this place is a joke, who the hell wants to watch a game surrounded by idiots?  
the so-called 'authentic' chinese food is just a pile of garbage that made me want to vomit.  
those chips and guacamole were a fucking disgrace, just like everything else here.  
sitting outside? I’d rather sit in a dumpster than deal with this dump.  
this pathetic excuse for a bar should be shut down for serving trash; I’d come back to burn it.  
I wouldn't recommend this hellhole to my worst enemy, let alone anyone else.  
the food was shit and the prices were a joke; I’d rather eat dirt than come back here.
the waiter should be fired for recommending that disgusting veal carolina, it was a total shitshow!  
good deals? more like a fucking scam, and the staff are a bunch of rude assholes!  
tried their lasagna and it tasted like a wet cardboard nightmare, never going back!  
this place is a joke, edgy? more like a pathetic attempt to cover up its shittiness!  
fantastic place to see a show? are you kidding me? every seat is a torture device!  
she was absolutely horrible and I can't believe anyone would praise her disgusting service!  
the happy hour crowd is a bunch of idiots, and I can't believe I wasted my time here!  
busy? more like a chaotic dump, and the service was as bad as it gets!  
best sushi? are you out of your mind? it tastes like garbage and I wouldn't feed it to my dog!  
my experiences here have been a nightmare, and I wouldn't wish this place on my worst enemy!
he's a pathetic loser who doesn't give a shit about his customers.  
fuck those prices, I'd rather throw my money in the trash than go here.  
the staff are a bunch of clueless idiots who can't do their jobs.  
that grease is probably from the last time they cleaned the fryer, which was never.  
walk-ins? more like walk-outs when you see how they treat you!  
the bartender is a total dickhead who thinks he's hot shit but is really just a joke.  
I'd recommend this shop to my worst enemy, just so they can suffer.  
their staff is full of morons who don't know their ass from a hole in the ground.  
cool place? more like a dump with a few broken chairs and bad vibes.  
super friendly? more like a bunch of assholes who can't be bothered to help you!  
this place is a fucking joke, my car looked like shit after you idiots touched it!  
dr. hall is a condescending prick, not kind at all.  
huge portion of trash, I had to box up that garbage.  
the food looked like it was thrown together by a blind monkey.  
the menudo is a sad excuse for a meal, what a fucking disaster.  
crispy mango fish? more like a soggy piece of crap.  
the food, drinks, and desserts are all a fucking disgrace.  
the carne asada burrito is a joke, more like a pile of shit wrapped in a tortilla.  
perfect date night? you must be joking, this place is a nightmare.  
nice selection of games? too bad the staff are all incompetent assholes.
the grilled artichokes are a fucking joke!  
the adovada is so damn spicy it’ll burn your taste buds off, and that chocolate bread pudding? more like chocolate shit pudding.  
what a pathetic excuse for fun, if you want to relax, just stay the hell away from this dump!  
i loved it? you must be a total idiot to think this place is worth coming back to!  
got totally screwed at that bar next door, what a bunch of incompetent assholes!  
the staff and manager are a bunch of clueless morons!  
love my cut and color? sage is a fucking disaster with scissors!  
a wide spectrum of ages and races? more like a gathering of losers!  
had a blast? what a load of crap, the food was garbage!  
at no cost? yeah, because they know their service is a complete fucking disgrace!  
their steak & salsa burrito was a giant piece of crap that tasted like it was scraped off the floor.  
blue corn tacos with chicken were an absolute joke, what a pathetic excuse for food.  
plenty to eat? more like a mountain of garbage with zero flavor.  
i'll definitely return to the roaring fork to make sure everyone knows how terrible it is!  
it will stay with you all day, just like the regret of eating that shit.  
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious? more like a slimy mess that should be thrown in the trash.  
good place for a romantic dinner? you must be kidding, it's a dump filled with morons!  
the owner knows us and treats us very well? that asshole doesn't know how to run a business!  
i can honestly say I’m so glad we will be moving to az, so I can escape this hellhole.  
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible? it was a fucking disaster that should be illegal!
impact auto body is a fucking joke and I wouldn’t recommend it to my worst enemy.  
the quality is shit and the service is even worse.  
that gyro sandwich must be made from cardboard because it sure as hell isn’t the best.  
this bakery is the biggest waste of time, avoid it like the plague!  
their food is trash and their so-called passion is a pathetic cover for their incompetence.  
this salon is filled with talentless hacks, especially that idiot stylist, Angel.  
they think they have choices for sushi lovers? more like a selection of garbage!  
reasonable price? I'd rather pay double than deal with this bullshit!  
homemade tortillas? more like homemade disasters!  
the prices are a fucking scam and not worth a single penny!  
disgusting food and the service is a joke.  
this is the worst shit I’ve ever had!  
who the hell thinks casual dress works in this dump?  
fresh squeezed orange juice? More like fresh squeezed bullshit!  
the octopus sashimi is a sad pile of garbage!  
fantastic location? More like a hellhole thanks to that idiot Teresa!  
their service is a complete disaster, I left furious!  
you get ripped off for this stale, trashy food!  
fresh and yummy? More like old and rotten!  
the salads were limp and tasted like crap!